>> Brian Holt: We're getting a form error
here from ESLint just by the fact that I
think we are following good
accessibility practices here, right?
We have a for, the for
matches this, right?
And then the other thing is that this
select is nestled inside of the,
so this is good accessibility.
A screen reader would totally
be able to read this and yet
ESLint is throwing a fit about it.
They're actually going to deprecate this
rule in the next major release, JSX Ally,
so I'm totally okay just
turning this off for now.
So what we're gonna do is
open your eslintrc.json, and
we're gonna add another rule here.
So just to show you how I
found the name of this.
The easiest way to do this is if
you go back to search parameters.
If I hover on this you can down here, this
right here, that's the name of the rule.
Jsx-ally/label-has-for, or
if I'm in the command line,
and I say, npm run lint
>> Brian Holt: Right,
it's this one right here,
this little gray thing at the end.
So I just copy and paste this, copy.
>> Brian Holt: So I copied that.
I'm going to use JSON.
I'm going to go into rules and
I'm just going to paste that here.
And if I put it as zero
it turns it off totally.
If I put it as a 1, it's warns,
and if I put it as a 2, it errors,
which is what it is on right now.
So I'm just gonna turn it off because
we're gonna handle this ourselves, right?
Another thing that's been,
we're gonna use some more consoles.
I get annoyed when it tells
me not to console log.
So I'm just gonna put no console.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna make it
a warning instead of an error,
cuz sometimes I do wanna console.log.